Add release notes for 1.3.1 (#801)
Automattic/studio: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

1.3.1
=====
* Allowed starting a site import even when one is already in progress #775

> * Enabled selecting a custom domain when setting up a new WordPress.com site #774

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allowed to select a custom domain when setting up a new WordPress.com site #774
```

> * Demo site link will now open in a new browser window instead of copying the URL to the clipboard #790

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed Demo site link to open in a new browser window instead of copying the URL to the clipboard #790
```

> * Fixed tar.gz import issue where the archive includes multiple SQL files with the same name #793

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed cases with tar.gz import failing #793
```

> * Fixed import/export in-app links #773

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Import / Export help docs link  #773
```
